FLUKE: Fields Layered Under Kohn-Sham Electrons
A QMMM interface for polarizable force fields

This package is designed to be an open source (GPLv3) interface between QM
and MM software so that QMMM calculations can be performed with polarizable
and frozen density force fields. Functionality is also present for standard
point-charge based force fields.

Available calculations: single-point energies, optimized geometries,
classical Monte Carlo, path-integral Monte Carlo, and reaction pathways

Available QM wrappers: Gaussian, PSI4

Available MM wrappers: TINKER, AMBER, LAMMPS

Note: This software is still in alpha. Not all features will work properly
and some features will be held back until the research is published. Please
report all bugs so that the code can be updated quickly.

Force-field wrapper timeline and checklist:
 Point-charge force fields: Done (TINKER)
 Polarizable force fields: Done (debugging, TINKER only)
 Polarizable force fields: Future (Amber)
 Frozen density force fields: Future (Amber)

QMMM boundry timeline and checklist:
 Non-bonded: Done
 Pseudo-bond: Done (debugging)
 Frozen density: Future

Simulation mode timeline and checklist:
 Single-point energy: Done
 NVT/NPT Monte Carlo: Done
 NVT/NPT PI Monte Carlo: Done
 NVT molecular dynamics: In progress
 Geometry optimizations: Done
 Reaction pathways: In progress

Currently, the binary and user's manual are not included in the repository.
The compile script can be used to generate both files. Since FLUKE is
designed to be simple, only a small number of packages are required to
compile the code. An approximate list of packages is given below. 
  FLUKE binary: OpenMP, Eigen3
  FLUKE manual: LaTeX, BibTeX

Clone the git repository
user:$ mkdir FLUKE
user:$ git clone https://github.com/kratman/FLUKE_QMMM.git ./FLUKE/

On Ubuntu boxes, the compile script should function without modifications.
However, with other operating systems it may be necessary to change the path
to the Eigen3 package.

Default: -I/usr/include/eigen3/

The compile script produces both the documentation and the source code.

user:$ ./compile
